vod: New webhooks & simplified asset responses (#1154)
livepeer/livepeer.com: packages/www/docs/guides/start-live-streaming/webhook.mdx

      description:
        "This fires when we are no longer sending video to the multistream target.",
    },

>     {

Reviewer: I will update the "new" webhook page with this information:https://github.com/livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs/blob/main/docs/guides/livestreaming/webhook.mdx

      name: "asset.updated",
      description: "This fires when a On Demand asset is updated.",
    },
    {
      name: "asset.failed",
      description:
        "This fires when a On Demand asset fails during the upload or during processing.",
    },
    {
      name: "asset.ready",
      description: "This fires when a On Demand asset is ready.",
    },
    {
      name: "asset.deleted",
      description: "This fires when a On Demand asset is deleted.",
    },
    {
      name: "task.spawned",
      description:
        "This fires when a task is spawned. (For example, an On Demand upload)",
    },
    {
      name: "task.updated",
      description: "This fires when a task is updated.",
    },
    {

>       name: "task.succeeded",
>       description: "This fires when a task has succeeded.",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      name: "task.completed",
      description: "This fires when a task completes its execution successfully.",
```
